res://Scenes/Characters/barbarian.tscn
res://Imported Assets/Dungeon/dungeon_mesh_library.tres
res://Scenes/Characters/character_animations.tres
res://Scripts/Custom Resources/Items/Health Potion.tres
res://Scripts/Custom Resources/Items/Axe.tres
res://Themes/menu_buttons.tres
res://Themes/inventory.tres
res://Scenes/Characters/knight.tscn
res://Scripts/Custom Resources/Items/equipment.gd
res://Scripts/enums.gd
res://Scripts/character.gd
res://Scenes/Characters/mage.tscn
res://Scenes/Characters/rogue.tscn
res://Scripts/Custom Resources/progress.gd
res://Scripts/UI/inventory.gd
res://Scenes/UI/item.tscn
res://Scenes/Items/barbarian_hat.tscn
res://Scripts/Custom Resources/Items/Barbarian Hat.tres
res://Scenes/Items/barbarian_cape.tscn
res://Scripts/Custom Resources/Items/Barbarian Cape.tres
res://Scenes/Items/barbarian_round_shield.tscn
res://Scripts/Custom Resources/Items/Barbarian Round Shield.tres
res://Scenes/Items/greataxe.tscn
res://Scripts/Custom Resources/Items/Greataxe.tres
res://Scenes/Items/sword.tscn
res://Scripts/Custom Resources/Items/Sword.tres
res://Scenes/Items/greatsword.tscn
res://Scripts/Custom Resources/Items/Greatsword.tres
res://Scenes/Items/knight_helmet.tscn
res://Scripts/Custom Resources/Items/Knight Helmet.tres
res://Scenes/Items/knight_cape.tscn
res://Scripts/Custom Resources/Items/Knight Cape.tres
res://Scenes/Items/mage_cape.tscn
res://Scripts/Custom Resources/Items/Mage Cape.tres
res://Scenes/Items/mage_hat.tscn
res://Scripts/Custom Resources/Items/Mage Hat.tres
res://Scenes/Items/rogue_cape.tscn
res://Scripts/Custom Resources/Items/Rogue Cape.tres
res://Scenes/Items/knife.tscn
res://Scenes/Items/crossbow.tscn
res://Scenes/Items/heavy_crossbow.tscn
res://Scenes/Items/bomb.tscn
res://Scripts/Custom Resources/Items/Knife.tres
res://Scripts/Custom Resources/Items/Heavy Crossbow.tres
res://Scripts/Custom Resources/Items/Crossbow.tres
res://Scripts/Custom Resources/Items/Bomb.tres
res://Scenes/Items/wand.tscn
res://Scripts/Custom Resources/Items/Wand.tres
res://Scenes/Items/staff.tscn
res://Scripts/Custom Resources/Items/Staff.tres
res://Scenes/Items/spellbook.tscn
res://Scripts/Custom Resources/Items/Spellbook.tres
res://Scenes/game.tscn
res://Scenes/Levels/dungeon.tscn
